README.md, before:

# Transformer

## Description

`Transformer` is an application that provides a datamodel mapping framework.
More specifically it allows one to implement a Broadband Forum [TR-106](https://www.broadband-forum.org/standards-and-software/technical-specifications/tr-069-files-tools)
based datamodel (typically used in TR-069) without having to worry too much about
the requirements of TR-106 and instead focus on the logic to map that datamodel
to the system's management plane.

Documentation on how a mapping file must look like can be found in `./doc/skeleton.map`.
The datamodel metadata part of a mapping file can be generated using `./generator/generator.sh`.

## Dependencies

`Transformer` requires the following dependencies to work:

- [Lua](http://www.lua.org)
- [LuaFileSystem](https://github.com/keplerproject/luafilesystem)
- [Lua BitOp](http://bitop.luajit.org/)
- [SQLite3 and LuaSQLite3](http://lua.sqlite.org/index.cgi/index)
- [lua-tch](https://github.com/dirkfeytons/lua-tch)
- [UCI](https://git.lede-project.org/?p=project/uci.git)
  - Two additional functions in the Lua UCI binding are expected by Transformer,
  see [patch 1](https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/patch/676647/) and
  [patch 2](https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/patch/676648/) on the LEDE Patchwork page.
- [ubus](https://git.lede-project.org/?p=project/ubus.git) (not required for
  starting up; only if mappings use the ubus eventsource)

## License

`Transformer` mainly uses the 2-clause ClearBSD license. There are some
third party open source software components included with their own license.

For details see the `LICENSE` file.

Commit message:

README: add a link to the wiki

README.md, after:

# Transformer

## Description

`Transformer` is an application that provides a datamodel mapping framework.
More specifically it allows one to implement a Broadband Forum [TR-106](https://www.broadband-forum.org/standards-and-software/technical-specifications/tr-069-files-tools)
based datamodel (typically used in TR-069) without having to worry too much about
the requirements of TR-106 and instead focus on the logic to map that datamodel
to the system's management plane.

Documentation on how a mapping file must look like can be found in `./doc/skeleton.map`.
The datamodel metadata part of a mapping file can be generated using `./generator/generator.sh`.

Other documentation can be found on the [wiki](https://github.com/dirkfeytons/transformer/wiki).

## Dependencies

`Transformer` requires the following dependencies to work:

- [Lua](http://www.lua.org)
- [LuaFileSystem](https://github.com/keplerproject/luafilesystem)
- [Lua BitOp](http://bitop.luajit.org/)
- [SQLite3 and LuaSQLite3](http://lua.sqlite.org/index.cgi/index)
- [lua-tch](https://github.com/dirkfeytons/lua-tch)
- [UCI](https://git.lede-project.org/?p=project/uci.git)
  - Two additional functions in the Lua UCI binding are expected by Transformer,
  see [patch 1](https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/patch/676647/) and
  [patch 2](https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/patch/676648/) on the LEDE Patchwork page.
- [ubus](https://git.lede-project.org/?p=project/ubus.git) (not required for
  starting up; only if mappings use the ubus eventsource)

## License

`Transformer` mainly uses the 2-clause ClearBSD license. There are some
third party open source software components included with their own license.

For details see the `LICENSE` file.
